README.md, before:

# Odin::Mastermind

TODO: Delete this and the text below, and describe your gem

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/odin/mastermind`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

## Installation

TODO: Replace `UPDATE_WITH_YOUR_GEM_NAME_IMMEDIATELY_AFTER_RELEASE_TO_RUBYGEMS_ORG` with your gem name right after releasing it to RubyGems.org. Please do not do it earlier due to security reasons. Alternatively, replace this section with instructions to install your gem from git if you don't plan to release to RubyGems.org.

Install the gem and add to the application's Gemfile by executing:

```bash
bundle add UPDATE_WITH_YOUR_GEM_NAME_IMMEDIATELY_AFTER_RELEASE_TO_RUBYGEMS_ORG
```

If bundler is not being used to manage dependencies, install the gem by executing:

```bash
gem install UPDATE_WITH_YOUR_GEM_NAME_IMMEDIATELY_AFTER_RELEASE_TO_RUBYGEMS_ORG
```

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/jcouball/odin-mastermind. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/jcouball/odin-mastermind/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Odin::Mastermind project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/jcouball/odin-mastermind/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Configure project
* Do not add Gemfile.lock to git
* Configure rubocop to use my shared rubocop config
* Move all dependencies from the Gemfile to the gemspec
* Update project information and links in the gemspec
* Add the 'build' task to the list of default rake tasks
* Update the README.md
* Add SimpleCov to the project
* Make RSpec fail if branch coverage falls below 100%
* Add the exe/odin-mastermind script to the project (does nothing for now)

README.md, after:

# Odin::Mastermind

An implementation of [the Mastermind game](https://www.wikihow.com/Play-Mastermind).
This project was created as part of [The Odin Project's
curriculum](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/ruby-mastermind).

* **Executable**: The command-line script can be found at
  [exe/odin-mastermind](exe/odin-mastermind).

* **Source Code**: The main library code is located in
  [lib/odin/mastermind/](lib/odin/mastermind/).

* **Tests**: The project includes a full RSpec test suite with 100% branch coverage,
  which can be found in [spec/odin/mastermind/](spec/odin/mastermind/).

## Installation

**NOTE** This project is a demonstration only and its gem has not been published to
rubygems.org.

To install the odin-mastermind gem, clone the project, run `bin/setup` and then
install the project gem locally:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/jcouball/odin-mastermind
cd odin-mastermind
bin/setup
bundle exec rake install
```

## Usage

Once installed, you can run the game using the `odin-mastermind` command line
script:

```shell
$ odin-mastermind
TODO: write output here
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/jcouball/odin-mastermind. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/jcouball/odin-mastermind/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Odin::Mastermind project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/jcouball/odin-mastermind/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
